TTYG-178 Improve documentation (#51)
Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval: README.md

# QA Evaluation

> This is a Python module for assessing the quality of question-answering systems such as ones based on LLM agents, based on a set of questions and reference answers for them. This includes evaluating the final answer and the steps used to reach the answer (such as orchestrated and executed steps), compared to the given reference steps. The library provides built-in evaluation metrics and allows the user to define their own (custom) metrics. The library is agnostic to the agent implementation and LLM it uses. Its input format is versatile and expressive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a Python module for assessing the quality of question-answering (QA) systems, such as ones using LLM agents. The evaluation is based on a set of questions, their reference answers and reference steps outlining the context and tool orchestration required to derive the correct response. The final answer and the steps used to reach the answer are verified against the reference dataset. The library provides built-in evaluation metrics ([§ Metrics](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/metrics.md)) and allows the user to define their own (custom) metrics. The library is agnostic to the agent implementation and LLM it uses. Its input format is versatile and expressive.
```

Author: Done

## Documentation

> - [Metrics](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/metrics.md)

Reviewer: I understand the reasons for Metrics to be first in line here but I still find it more logical to be placed below, just before the section 'Custom evaluation'.

Rename Usage to "Quick Start" and move it to top position.

Move LLM use in Evaluation as a subsection of Metrics. See the attached figure suggesting the TOC.

<img width="1545" height="851" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bed3275d-4005-4fd0-8808-d5550a59849e" />

Navigation to Readme or Quick Start is necessary on each of the Readme files.

Author: Done: reduced to quickstart, config, metrics, steps, retrieval-ids, input,  output.

This is a Python module for assessing the quality of question-answering systems such as ones based on LLM agents, based on a set of questions and reference answers for them. This includes evaluating the final answer and the steps used to reach the answer (such as orchestrated and executed steps), compared to the given reference steps. The library provides built-in evaluation metrics and allows the user to define their own (custom) metrics.

## License
## Documentation

Apache-2.0 License. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/LICENSE) file for details.

> 

Reviewer 2: IMO the licensing section is very important and should remain in the main README.

Author: Moved back

This is a Python module for assessing the quality of question-answering systems such as ones based on LLM agents, based on a set of questions and reference answers for them. This includes evaluating the final answer and the steps used to reach the answer (such as orchestrated and executed steps), compared to the given reference steps. The library provides built-in evaluation metrics and allows the user to define their own (custom) metrics.

## Documentation

* [Metrics](metrics.md)
* [Installation](installation.md)
* [Usage](usage.md)
* [Configuration](documentation.md)
* [LLM use in evaluation](llm-use-in-evaluation.md)
* [Custom evaluation (custom metrics)](custom-evaluation.md)
* [Input](input.md)

> * [Output](output.md)

Reviewer 2: These links don't work. If we want them to be relative, they should start with `docs/`. For example, `docs/metrics.md`. However, I think in order for the links to work on PYPI page https://pypi.org/project/graphrag-eval/ we should make them absolute, like so `https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/metrics.md`

Reviewer 2: Also "Configuration" links to a non existing md file documentation.md, it must link to the configuration.md

Author: Fixed to relative links.

Relative links are shorter to read and edit, and work in an editor and a downloaded folder.

How useful is it for the documentation to be accessible from the PyPi page?

Reviewer 2: Links are supposed to be clickable, not "readable". What is the benefit of having dead links at the PyPi page?

Author: None. My question was how important is it to have them clickable in PyPi?

Reviewer 2: For me it's important, because it's not huge effort and we can make them work easily, also this is what others do, and it looks professional. Check the langgraph PyPi page for example https://pypi.org/project/langgraph/

Author: OK, I made them absolute.

This is a Python module for assessing the quality of question-answering systems such as ones based on LLM agents, based on a set of questions and reference answers for them. This includes evaluating the final answer and the steps used to reach the answer (such as orchestrated and executed steps), compared to the given reference steps. The library provides built-in evaluation metrics and allows the user to define their own (custom) metrics.

## Documentation

- [Metrics](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/metrics.md)
- [Installation](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/install.md)
- [Usage](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/usage.md)
- [Configuration](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/config.md)
- [LLM use in evaluation](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/llm.md)
- [Custom evaluation (custom metrics)](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/custom.md)
- [Input](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/input.md)

> - [Output](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/docs/output.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Metrics](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/metrics.md)
- [Installation](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/install.md)
- [Usage](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/usage.md)
- [Configuration](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/config.md)
- [LLM use in evaluation](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/llm.md)
- [Custom evaluation (custom metrics)](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/custom.md)
- [Input](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/input.md)
- [Output](https://github.com/Ontotext-AD/graphrag-eval/blob/main/docs/output.md)
```

Author: Oh, I should have checked! Changed.

*But*: if the URLs always point to the `main` branch, this will make future documentation changes confusing. Another argument for relative URLs?

This is a Python module for assessing the quality of question-answering systems such as ones based on LLM agents, based on a set of questions and reference answers for them. This includes evaluating the final answer and the steps used to reach the answer (such as orchestrated and executed steps), compared to the given reference steps. The library provides built-in evaluation metrics and allows the user to define their own (custom) metrics.

## Documentation

* [Metrics](docs/metrics.md)
* [Installation](docs/installation.md)
* [Usage](docs/usage.md)

> * [Configuration](docs/configuratation.md)

Reviewer 2: Dead link, must be `docs/configuration.md`

Author: Fixed
